lib: pdn: remove dependency on LTE link control library (#129)
lemrey/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/pdn.rst

* Notifications for unsolicited reporting of error codes sent by the network (``+CNEC``) - Subscribed by using the ``AT+CNEC=16`` command.
  See the `AT+CNEC set command`_ section in the nRF9160 AT Commands Reference Guide or the same section in the `nRF91x1 AT Commands Reference Guide`_ depending on the SiP you are using.

> If the application uses the :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`, enabling :ref:`mlil_callbacks`, the PDN library automatically subscribes to the necessary AT notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application uses the :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`, when enabling :ref:`mlil_callbacks` the PDN library automatically subscribes to the necessary AT notifications.
```

Reviewer 2: Should we also rephrase this, because we can assume that Modem library is used? For example:
```suggestion
The PDN library automatically subscribes to the necessary AT notifications using :ref:`mlil_callbacks`.
```

* Notifications for unsolicited reporting of error codes sent by the network (``+CNEC``) - Subscribed by using the ``AT+CNEC=16`` command.
  See the `AT+CNEC set command`_ section in the nRF9160 AT Commands Reference Guide or the same section in the `nRF91x1 AT Commands Reference Guide`_ depending on the SiP you are using.

If the application uses the :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`, enabling :ref:`mlil_callbacks`, the PDN library automatically subscribes to the necessary AT notifications.
This includes automatically resubscribing to the notifications upon functional mode changes.

> If the application does not use the :ref:`mlil_callbacks` library, the application must subscribe to the necessary AT notifications manually.

Reviewer 2: This isn't valid anymore, right? PDN library depends on Modem library and the callbacks are always available.

Author: I think this can be removed, as applications in NCS typically use the modem library integration layer.
